1) Write a program in C++ to design a class Validate_Email which contains a static data member
“email_address” and static member function “check()” -- to validate given email address is valid or
not. If the “email_address” violates any of the following conditions then a message should be
displayed as “Invalid email address”.
  i) it must have ‘@’ symbol in the middle of the string.
  ii) The string must be terminated with “.com”
Ans: 1.cpp

2) An election is contested by 3 candidates and the candidates are numbered from 1 to 3. The voting is
done by marking the candidate number on the ballot paper. Write a program using constructor and
destructor to (i) cast the vote for user supplied n voters, and to (ii) read the ballots and count the
votes for each candidate. In case a number read is outside the range of 1 to 3, the ballot should be
considered as a ‘spoilt ballot’ and the program should also count the number of spoilt ballots.
Ans: 2.cpp

3) Imagine a tollbooth at a bridge. Cars passing by the booth are expected to pay a 50 cent toll. Mostly
they do, but sometimes a car goes by without paying. The tollbooth keeps track of the number of cars
that have gone by, and of the total amount of money collected. Model this tollbooth with a class
called TollBooth. The two data items are a type unsigned int to hold the total number of cars, and a
type double to hold the total amount of money collected. A constructor initializes both of these to 0.
A member function called payingCar() increments the car total and adds 0.50 to the cash total.
Another function, called nopayCar(), increments the car total but adds nothing to the cash total.
Finally, a member function called display() to show the two totals. Include a supporting class to test
this class.
Ans: 3.cpp

4) Write a program using parameterised constructor to
  (i) read the figures,
  (ii) calculate the batting average and
  (iii) print the complete table in the decreasing order of the average by including average.
Ans: 4.cpp
